♪♪
[ Wind gusting ]
Hmm.
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
Abel: Don't make me
repeat myself.
[ Groans ]
Bring her back here --
By any and all
means necessary.
O'Malley: Geez, offer the man
a little help, would you?
Don't tell me...
Is the big bad overseer
of the colonies
afraid of some rinky-dink
amateur island pirates?
If it becomes known that
soldiers frequent the island
then it'll no longer be able
to function as a free city.
Which would be less than ideal
for England's pocket book.
Ah.
Well,
we wouldn't want that.
So if I'm following
you correctly,
it's not just America's farms
that are under English control,
but the free cities,
as well?
My, my.
That's a frightful prospect.
Alright.
They're at
your service.
I can always
count on you...
O'Malley.
♪♪
It's kinda cramped.
Are you trying to say something
about my design?
No, no, no!
I-I'd never!
The drive transmission system
uses whale baleen,
and whale blubber
as lubricating oil.
Whales are awesome.
What's the ship's name?
Bonito II.
Bonito?
You didn't go with whale?
No. Bonito.
Why that?
They're delicious.
You have a point.
Okay, she's here.
Great.
Let's get to it!
Wait.
Where's Yukimaru?
My guess?
Off making his you-know-what.
Well,
we don't need him here anyway.
I don't wanna get whacked
on the head again.
I'm not
the only one?
Wait, you too?
Now I get it.
He has a problem
with beautiful women.
Beautiful women?
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Oh, it's 'cause
we're too pretty.
Pay attention. I gotta fill
you in on our upcoming plans.
[ Indistinct talking ]
First off, our destination --
Our objective is
procuring supplies --
Fena: Ooh! Question!
Question! Yeah, hi!
Over here! Here!
Pick on me!
[ Groans ]
What is it, Fena?
I want new clothes!
Clothes?
Why?
You look cute.
Thank you,
but that's not the point.
The ships will be stopping
at Bar-Baral.
You can buy
what you want there.
Bar...baque?
No, Bar-Baral.
It's one of the free cities.
No one there will
even give us a second look.
Pirates come from
all around the world.
It's a well known place
for bartering
and moving stolen goods.
Pirates?
Yep.
But an island...
full of 'em?
I think we should
split up the teams.
The one who's
gonna stay behind
and babysit the ship this time
is gonna be --
[ Both gasp ]
Y-- Yukimaru?
Ah, there you are.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I was making this!
♪♪
Kaede: Wow, left behind
five times in a row!
Gotta hand it to,
Yukimaru.
[ Laughs ]
What bad luck!
You sure we should leave
Yukimaru by himself?
He seemed really depressed.
Karin: He's fine.
He always looks
like that.
How...?
[ Ding! ]
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
And there it is!
That's it?
That's Bar-Baral?
♪♪
Tsubaki: Listen up!
Enju: Look, there's women
in the harbor!
We're not here
for fun and games.
And all of them look gorgeous!
I need you to stay focused
on our objective
and not run off
on your own!
I'm specifically talking
about you two!
Are you even
listening?
Both: Yep. We gotcha.
Aye aye, sir!
[ Both laugh ]
Have all of you
been here before?
All of us but Karin.
And the food on the island
is first class
But alas, somehow,
one of us never
gets to come ashore.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪♪
Now where are all
the pretty ladies at?
I've spotted some there!
Karin: Aaaaaaaaah!
I feel like a kid
in a candy store.
Okay. Let's make for
the island's center.
Now stay together.
And, twins,
that's double for you!
Aye!Aye!
Prawns, please.
Aaaah!
Are you serious?
Yakusugi cedar? Is it genuine?
The real deal?
Clams.
A Rhino horn,
like from a rhinoceros!
I can't believe it!
A Rhino! A real Rhino!
Karin, dinner first.
Makaba.
Dinner's not actually
the priority.
Rhino!
Huh?
Where did Shitan go?
Hooker: You're so hot that
I'm about to melt into a puddle!
Why don't you
come on upstairs.
As much as I would love to,
I'm flat broke.
For you big boy,
I'll make an exception.
Hmm, well,
if you put it that way...
[ Makaba grunts ]
[ Screams ]
Shitan,
dinner comes first!
I repeat, dinner is not first
on our list of objectives!
Karin: Rhino!
My sweet rhino!
Stay there, wait for me!
While our group goes and stocks
up on medicines and first aid,
the twins and Fena
will get provisions.
Yeah, Tsubaki.
It sounds well thought out,
and I hate to interrupt,
but those three haven't been
with us for awhile now.
Huh?
Argh!
Damn...them!
Where'd they go?!
[ Indistinct conversations ]
What'll we have?
Pick anything you like, Fena!
Let's see.
I'd love prawns, clams,
and bread.
And you know what?
I'd also like to try
something exotic, too!
-E-Exotic?
-Yeah!
Something you can
only find here!
I was right,
Everyone here's staring at her.
I don't know what that'd be.
Must be the white hair.
Really?
I'll think of something.
Fena, wanna get
some clothes first?
♪♪
[ Barks ]
[ Yawns ]
Dog...
the odds in amidakuji
are supposed
to be one in seven.
With fewer horizontal lines,
you fall straight to the bottom.
So if we call reaching
the bottom 100%,
by adding a line,
that one in seven
will move left or right,
and then taking the total number
of lines, it's supposed to...
Gah!
[ Sea birds chirping ]
Damn it all!
[ Sobs softly ]
Twins and Fena: Prawns!
Meat!
Clams!
Cheers!
That was delicious!
Whew!
I'm a piggy!
I'm about to burst!
I think that's one of
the best meals I've ever had!
You can always count
on Makaba's recommendations!
Yeah with food,
anyway.
♪♪
Isn't this...
Hmm?
Look.
It's just like our stone.
Pardon me, sir.
Do you think you could tell me
where this stone came from?
Sure.
But only if you buy it.
Well, that's tacky.
You swear to tell us
if we buy it?
How much is it?
It's written
on the bottom.
All: Hmm?
Aaah!
Mnm...
If you can't pay it,
get lost!
Enju.
No, I'm Kaede.
And no way, we don't have
that kind of money.
But this is the first
real lead we've had!
We have to at least learn
where it's from!
Well, I suppose I might be open
to haggling.
Huh?
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah.
One night should do it.
I'd be willing
to part with that stone
in exchange
for a night with you.
Arghh!
You pervert!
Enju!
Wh-Wh-Wh-What's wrong with you?
You got a problem with that?
Nah, you're wrong.
You see?
I'm haggling.
I'm thinking we can make
an even better trade!
Oh! What in the world?
It made fire!
Yeah.
It's pretty cool, right?
Amazing!
Just twist this until it clicks,
and poof!
What is that?
One of Karin's inventions.
It's super easy to use.
Owner: I-I want it.
I gotta have it!
How much do you
want for it?
[ Chuckles ]
[ Groans ]
[ Both laugh ]
The stone,
and where it came from.
Also, an apology to our captain
for insulting her.
Those are our terms.
Alright, fine.
You drive a hard bargain.
That stone you're holding
was crafted in a place
in Germany
called Libar-Oberstein.
It's chipped, cracked,
and worn down now,
but rumor has it,
it was once owned
by a royal family.
Fena: Hmm.
Well?
It even feels
similar.
Okay.
I know where we should go.
Maybe we should
think this through.
Okay, Captain Fena?
We don't have enough proof.
But...
there's a small chance!
Look, us finding this stone
can't be a coincidence.
He said Ever-Leaderscone,
right?
You're wrong.
It's Ever-Leaderstein.
Fena, no offense,
but I think that's just a rock.
But my pirate-senses
are tingling!
Yeah, but, how is that
any different than a hunch?
You could be right,
but...
this stone and its origins
are vital pieces of evidence
obtained by the coolest twins
in the whole world!
The coolest twins...
In the whole world?
"Cool"...
like peppermint.
Paper detective twins.
Shall we go, good bro?
Yeah, bro.
Let's do-it!
Plus, we'd be acting
on info obtained
by the coolest twins
in the entire world!
Yeah, I mean how could it
possibly be wrong?
Thanks for the tip, Angie.
When you said you can make men
do your bidding
just with flattery,
I had no idea
how right you were!
We're so cool!
Wow.
We really are the coolest!
I always knew that,
but still...
I always knew, too,
but I just didn't say.
I'm feeling
a bit guilty.
Uh-oh.
Ugh!
[ Groans ]
Why did you stop?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Hi.
My dear White Marginal,
found you!
Oh, no.
It's him.
You won't be getting away
this time.
Say your prayers.
Look, I don't know
what your deal is, guy...
But using women as human shields
is pretty lame.
So just turn around
and just walk a--
♪♪
Hand over that girl
at once.
You don't want to die,
do you?
[ Chuckles ]
Show them no mercy!
[ Screaming ]
[ Water lapping ]
Tsubaki:
Yukimaru, we're back!
I'm really sorry
that took us so long.
You can blame it on the twins,
as usual.
Man, that was so fun!
I got so much good stuff!
I stuffed
myself silly.
Are the twins back?
Cause they need
a good talking-to.
Can't believe they made us
lug their share back.
What do you mean
by that?
Those idiots ditched us
back in town,
just like they did
the last time!
So, of course,
we got stuck
buying all the stuff
they were supposed to get.
And Fena?
Fena?
Hold on.
Are you saying
she isn't back yet?
We all just assumed
she was still with the twins.
They're probably
goofing off somewhere.
She'll come back
when she's h--
All: Huh?
Anyone ever tell him
he's wound too tight?
Whoa! Hey!
Be cool!
Whoa! Careful!
You flashed me!
♪♪
Got any ideas?
They're way tougher
than I thought.
Think we're gonna have
to stop pulling our punches.
Especially...
'Cause Fena's here.
Fena: Enju! Kaede!
♪♪
Fena, stand back!
There'll be no escaping
this time, dear.
Now come over here
before you get hurt.
♪♪
Yukimaru?!
[ Both gasp ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Both gasp ]
Eight men
in eight seconds...
Fena!
Go with Yukimaru!
Yukimaru!
Keep Fena safe!
♪♪
Who the hell are you?!
Fena...
run away and find cover.
Get back!
We don't want
pointless bloodshed.
If you value your lives,
walk away!
If you refuse,
we'll show you no mercy.
[ Both grunt ]
What's with you two?
Stop playing around!
Your wish is my command.
I won't hold back!
♪♪
Ow! [ Grunts ]
Why, you--
Women with a perfect
boob-to-hip ratio
are a gift to humanity!
I cannot kill you.
Wha--
[ Blows land ]
Let's grab a bite
sometime!
♪♪
Yukimaru!
We've got this!
Get Fena
out of here!
Bastard!
Hurry up and go!
♪♪
Maxiver: After them!
Don't let them get away!
Shall we mop
the rest of these guys up?
Yeah, bro!
Let's do it!
[ Fena panting ]
♪♪
Yukima-- [ Gasps ]
[ Wind gusts ]
[ Bullet whistles ]
[ Gasps ]
Damn.
[ Gunshot ]
[ Fena screams ]
[ Screaming continues ]
You're not gettin' away.
Really, Hannah?
Did you miss?
I could've sworn
I hit the guy.
Where're the others now?
Dunno.
Probably getting
their butts kicked.
Then why are you here?
You ran from the fight?
Aw, you don't actually
expect me to fight them, do you?
What?
Come again?
For one...
I'm pretty sure...
those guys were
the Goblin Knights.
Ugh!
You didn't have to be so rough
with me, Yukimaru!
Thanks for saving me
and all,
but you can't
just throw ladies around
like a sack of potatoes!
Oh!
They're not pursuing.
The twins should be able
to handle the rest of them.
I think we can relax
for n--
[ Sea birds chirping ]
Uh...
Uh, I just, um...
Oh, did that hurt?
I'm sorry!
Your right hand's injured,
so I thought I should treat it.
If you come back
over here...
I have some medicinal herbs--
Don't worry about me!
It's a flesh wound.
I'm fine.
Uh, but, I --
More importantly,
think before you act.
Everyone's putting their lives
on the line for you.
So stop being
so impulsive!
[ Sighs ]
Sorry.
Let's go.
Cody: Alubus Regine.
Vice Versa.
The beginning and the end.
♪♪
Fena's work?
She's overreacting.
It's just a little scratch.
Moment of truth!
Time for you three nitwits
to embrace your punishment.
She handled herself pretty well.
Maybe she's more clever
than we gave her credit for.
...a shred of regard for
the rest of your teammates...
Of course she'll be good
at things now and then.
Just means she's human.
...selfishly stuff
your stupid faces.
And what's worse,
in addition to endangering...
My biggest concern
was that band
of female pirates.
What? What about 'em?
-Kaede: Aw, come on!
-Tsubaki: Shut up!
Forget it.
It's nothing.
Tsubaki: [ Sighs deeply ]
For the crimes above,
I sentence you three
to a swift flinging!
Kaede: Come on, man!
Enju: Hey! Come on!
Makaba! Do it!
Makaba: Mm-kay.
Fena: Me too?
You can't fling ladies!
Makaba, wait!
Aaaah!
♪♪
Fena...
Don't do it!
Unhand me!
You Sconne bastards!
You got it wrong!
Don't do this!
Please don't! Stop!
Give me another chance!
I won't fail you again.
I'm begging you!
Your services are
no longer required.
You're kidding!
Hold on a minute!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Not in the water!
I'm afraid of the water!
[ Water splashes ]
♪♪
Do you even have any idea...
who you really are?
♪♪
Abel...
You do realize,
the night has only just begun.
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]